.TH viscimja 1 "3.7.2014" "version 0.1"
.SH NAME
viscimja - A system card interpreter machine in Java.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B viscimja
.RI "[" "options" "] [" "cards" "]"

.SH DESCRIPTION
VISCIM-JA is a portable SYCPOL interpreter written in Java.

The interpretation process is simple.
.RB "First, the " "viscimja " "command "
reads all cards and files in order specified.
.RB "Then it scans all modules and tries to locate a " "MAIN " "procedure."
If many modules with such procedure were given to the program,
an error is raised. If the procedure was not found, the program
terminates silently.

.RB "This interpreter ignores " "OPEN STREAM " "and " "CLOSE STREAM " "declarations."

VISCIM-JA supports filesystem access. See
VISCIM-JA-SYCPOL manual for more information.

The only card type
VISCIM-JA supports is the Standard System Card I (SSC-M1).
If an input card is too big or has illegal card declaration,
the program fails.
.RB "Option " "--check-cards " "can be used to perform"
only the card format checking procedure.

.RB "Option " "-f file "
is used to use a file as a part of a program. The file directory
must contain cards with numerical names.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "--check-cards"
Checks that cards follow SSC-M1 standard and exits.
.IP "--check-declarations"
Checks that the input code follows the SYCPOL declaration syntax and exits.
.IP "-f file"
Reads all cards in a file. May occur multiple times.
.IP "-V --verbose"
Gives more detailed error messages.
.IP "--debug"
Enables debug mode.
.IP "-v --version"
Prints the version string and exits.
.IP "-h --help"
Prints the help string and exits.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Fergusq <fergusq@kaivos.org>
